## **1913** Wilhelm

### SCENE 1: Berlin 1913
____

The Brandenburg Gate, filled with people, bicycles, horse-drawn cabs, a few uniforms.
/// Scene change /// Side street: three men in uniform beat a young man, dressed simply, insult him, he bleeds out of his nose, buries his head under his arms, another kick in the belly.
/// Scene change /// A young woman handing out leaflets. All the people she meets take one, walking on and starting to read, interested and serious
/// Scene change /// A festival meadow, filled with thousands of people with posters, signs, occasionally batons. They shout slogans, roar, make noise with everything they have.
/// Scene change /// A room behind the stage of the festival meadow.
You can hear the crowd in the background.

<em>Wilhelm and Hilde.</em>

Hilde runs excitedly back and forth, avoiding Wilhelm gaze.

Hilde loudly: "It's madness!"
She points with both arms towards the stage.
"Out there are 4000 comrades, hungry, tired from work, in fear.
And you just want to disappear from here..."

Wilhelm yells back: "I DON'T! I. Don't. Want. To. Disappear!
I want to tell them the truth!
It does not work out!
We cannot make it!
The opponents are too strong.
Too many of us will die."

Hilde: "You just want to make away, go on the run, cowardly.
You want to let us down! Now, in this hard time."

Wilhelm: "No, again, I don't want that!
But the forces against which we stand are so ruthless, so brutal.
If they have their way, we will soon have mountains of corpses all over Europe!
And I mean literally mountains.
They want war!
All over Europe.
With hundreds of thousands of dead.
Maybe millions.
And they <em>want</em> that!"
He covered his face with his hands.

Hilde: "Then take care of it!
That's just what you wanted: Fight for peace.
Don't flee from the fight.
If you see some of our comrades in a wild brawl with an overpowering horde of monarchists and blood everywhere, then you don't go away and say: "It does not work out".

Wilhelm: "Then I'll get a storm troop of the Spartacists.
I can't do that myself.
But no storm troop helps against the imperialist powers.
They have money, weapons, whole governments, entrepreneurs, the press and now also secret organizations that spy for them ... and murder!

Hilde: "YOU ARE THE STROM TROOP against the imperialists!
The sharpest and most powerful weapon there is is a true thought.
Indestructible.
Can't be bought.
And can change everything.
YOU told me that.

And the comrades out there call you.
Can't you hear them?
What is a storm troop that doesn't come when you call it?"

Wilhelm folds his arms in front of his chest and closes his eyes.
From outside you can hear people shouting "Wilhelm, Wilhelm", louder and louder.
He breathes heavily.
____
