
## **2021, 1913**** The speech

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene was still sitting </span> in front of the Weddinger Rataus.
She wiped tears from her eyes.
Where was your brother? Why did he go with you?
How could she straighten this out with Corinne?
She could barely think.
She felt empty, infinitely empty.
She closed her laptop, put it away and leaned back.
After a while she pulled her book out of her pocket and started reading.

### SCENE 2: Berlin, Waldbühne
____
Wilhelm stood in front on the stage behind a desk, diagonally behind him Hilde.
In front of them a crowd of people, all eyes on Wilhelm, excitement.
Lots of fists up in the air.
Bravo calls.
Wilhelm raises his hands.
The crowd becomes silent.

Wilhelm: "Comrades! What we want... what we really want is to just live our lives.
Our lives.
The way we want to live.
Not the life that others choose for us, what others want us to pretend.
We don't want to be oppressed.
And then we are strong, every single one of us, every single one of us ... when we follow what we feel in ourselves, when we do what we want to do out of ourselves.
If we live our freedom."

Cheers, cheers.

"But there are people who don't want us to do this.
They're trying to stop it.
They want us to do what they want us to do.
And they're willing to use force.
They have built big factories, big administrative buildings, where they force us to work according to their conditions.
We'll find our way out.
And we've already achieved a lot.
But now, comrades, we are facing a turning point in this struggle.
Now the entrepreneurs and imperialists are unleashing their forces against each other.
For the first time.
And that's gonna hit us, hit us hard.
They're gonna fight among themselves.

We are facing a war, a great war, perhaps the very first world war.
There is a real danger that the peoples of Europe and overseas will strike each other without mercy, with the full force of their strength and with all the new war equipment invented in recent years.
We'll see armored cars on the battlefields, machine guns and planes flying over them, throwing bombs.
It's not a utopia.

And this war will not be fought because a people wants to expand its territories.
Not because one people wants to subjugate another, no, it is not about which people rules which other.
It is about the rule of money, about the power of the economy, it is about who controls capital.
For the first time in the history of mankind, we stand before imperialists going into battle with capitalists against other imperialists and capitalists, fighting to see who sells more goods, who earns more money".

Whistles, yikes, boo and death calls.

"Yes, as absurd and disgusting as it may sound to you, that's the point.
The money's taken over.
And now it's time for battle.

The imperialists and capitalists will of course not fight themselves, just as they do not work themselves.
They're letting us work.
And they'll let us fight and die."

The crowd's getting louder.
Wilhelm must raise his voice.

"I have struggled a lot with myself lately, I have spoken to many people, read many newspapers and books.
I find and find no way to stop this imperialist-capitalist fighting machine.
It moves us all towards a war that may already come this year, perhaps next year, but not five years from now.
And the German capitalists conjured up all this.
The German capitalists to whom you give your work and who collect the money for it.
In recent decades they have done everything in their power to sell their goods and products anywhere in the world.
And they're greedy, they're insatiable.
They want more and more and more and more and more.
This year, 1913, for the first time in history, they sold more than the capitalists of the great world power of the British Empire.
You're number two in the world now, to America.
This British Empire will not accept this, they were once the rulers of the world, they still own India and half of Africa.
This supremacy is now in danger of being lost forever.
And they will do everything, and I say, do everything, so that this does not happen."

Growing excitement.
Individual tumultuous scenes in the crowds.

"Both sides are gathering their allies at this hour.
Secret diplomacy is in full swing.
And all it takes is one spark to explode everything.
The hatred of the peoples is stirred up by the newspapers.
In all countries they are rushing the peoples against each other, putting them in fear, building up enemy images.
...comrades ..." He closed his eyes.
It opened again.
"I see no way!"

"But I can't give up either.
I firmly believe that there is a way.
We must fraternise with our French comrades, with our English and Russian comrades and embrace them, eat and drink with them, celebrate with them.
We must all become brothers and sisters! Brothers and sisters don't shoot at each other.
So we must all become brothers and sisters.
The imperialist machine is strong, like a boulder rolling down a mountain.
I don't know if there's any way to stop them, but I know we're gonna try.
Together! He tore his fist in the air.
"Together!"

Everything else goes down in the loud cheers of the masses.
____

