
## **2021**** Alone

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene lay on </span> the bed in her brother's basement bedroom.
The room was covered with a spark-proof cover, the power grid was filtered.
Also, her brother had installed a small toilet room, a refrigerator, and also made some other changes.
Next to the bed was a desk with two large computer monitors.

Marlene hadn't heard from Corinne in three days.
Three long days.
She had spent most of the time in Marvin's basement.
Corinne's chat account had remained silent.
Maybe she couldn't use it anymore, maybe it was too dangerous for her, maybe she just didn't want to talk to her anymore.
It had been a betrayal of her friendship, but how could she have known that the addresses were so explosive?

Everyone in her family had received an e-mail from her brother in the meantime.
It said he was fine.
And it was digitally signed with his personal key.
No one in Marlene's circle doubted its authenticity.
He wrote that he would disappear for a while, travel around the world, that he needed time to think, to rethink everything he had done.
And he just wanted to leave, without a big farewell party, it had all been too much for him.
Just keep your distance from everything old and above all from hacking.
Especially the BND thing had become too stressful for him.

And in fact, his room was missing a suitcase and some of his things.
He didn't write a word from the police or whoever picked him up in the car.
Marlene had read the e-mail a hundred times.
To find any hidden clue.
In the end, she had had so much stomach pain that she had extinguished it.
Her brother didn't write that! She knew that much.
He wouldn't write that kind of nonsense or just walk away.
His key was hanging by the dressing room like he was home.
Someone else must have put him back there and got the stuff, too.
A shiver ran down her spine.
It had been clear to her before.
They're coming into the apartments.
You're not safe anywhere.
Her brother told her that.
But it was something completely different when it actually happened.

No one believed her.
Not that someone hung the key and took his things, not the car that stopped in broad daylight.
All police stations in Berlin said that none of their cars were in this street at the time.
And the car with the license plate Marlene had remembered was at the same time on a fire brigade mission in another part of town.
In the end, they didn't even believe that she had walked home with him that day.
It was so spooky.
In her head, all the questions went round and round: Where was Marwin? How was he? What had they done to him? What did they just do to him? Was he even alive? And she had no one to talk to.

All the others, her parents and her uncle, neighbors, were not worried at all.
They even got a little mad at Marwin for just leaving.
But that he may have gone through a horrible time now? Marlene kept crying.
Crying was the only thing she could do when she got stuck.
Crying and the story of Hilde from the First World War.
Why didn't anybody believe her? How well do you have to know someone that you can trust in a situation like this? Her brother would have trusted her.
Dead sure.
But your own parents? Isn't it? They had brought in a psychologist, Marlene had talked to her, hoping that she would notice that everything was fine with her.
But in the end she had said that Marlene had post-traumatic stress syndrome because of the loss of her brother.
She would change reality to fit the image of her brother instead of accepting how he really was.

Marwin was gone.
That was bad.
But worse was what happened to Marwin now.
And with Corinne...

"Pling," said her chat program.

"Hi, Mari! All's well with you?" appeared on the screen.

"Corinne!" called Marlene and stared spellbound at her laptop.

