## **2064** Attack!

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lasse and Sigur</span> stood in their game room in front of their floating screens.
In their hands both held two fist-sized game controllers.
They pushed different buttons in an incredible speed, sometimes they pushed the whole controllers forwards and backwards and turned them around.
Both were extremely concentrated and alert.
In a three-dimensional area with a side length of two meters in front of each screen there was an air battle to be seen.
Different flying combat robots chasing each other and trying to avoid each other.
Below right there was a date: 22 March 2028.

Sigur loudly: "LEFT!"

Lasse: "BEHIND!"

Sigur: "Get him off me! Get him off ..."

Lasse: "Moment."

Lasse jumped a little to the left, tore up his right arm, shook the controller twice in his left hand and then began to press both controllers wildly.
Shortly thereafter there were loud explosion noises in the room.

Lasse laughed out loud as he flew through the huge cloud of fire in front of him: "BOOM! He is gone!

Sigur breathed deeply: "Thanks.
One left.
Come on, we'll do it together.
We'll fly a double wing spiral.
Three, two, one, go ..."

The two combat robots of Lasse and Sigur flew up in a loop, distanced themselves from each other, then turned around their own axis and fell together on the enemy combat robot from different sides.
He tried to escape with all kinds of flight manoeuvres.
But Lasse and Sigur were too skilled and had too much experience as a team to leave him a gap.
Finally Sigur sat right behind him.
He let some chances to shoot pass, followed him calmly until he was so close that his opponent gave up and just flew straight on.
Sigur pressed the large buttons on his two controllers once briefly.
Two Scram missiles fired off and the combat robot in front of him also disappeared into a fireball.

Lasse, Sigur: "BOOM!!"
They threw their controllers on the table and high fived.

Lasse: "YEAH!
That was awesome!
Wow.
I've never had such an air fight before.
That was really serious.
I almost started sweating."

Sigur: "They were exceptionally good.
They didn't feel like computer players at all.
Really well programmed.
Cool."

Lasse: "Maybe they weren't computer players."

Sigur: "Come on ... hey ... you think we just shot five real players down?
That is too good to believe.
Nope.
Why should they dare to attack us, just like that?
They must know who we are."

Lasse raised his eyebrows: "Maybe because there were five of them?

Sigur smiled: "Maybe.
Okay, let's fly these things home.
It's only 10 minutes left for today."

In front of their screens, Lilly appeared as a three-dimensional figure about 50 cm tall.
Both of them had their breaths stopped.
They looked spellbound at her.

Lilly: "I have a message for you from Marlene.
You must come at once."

Lilly's picture disappeared.
Lasse and Sigur looked at each other stunned.

Lasse: "Why now?
What happened?
I don't understand.
We just took out some flying robots."
He felt his heartbeat getting stronger.
"What were their signatures again?"

Sigur: "All fake.
I checked them.
Camouflage."

Lasse: "Camouflage, or..."

Sigur: "Let's go.
We don't have much time."

Lasse and Sigur placed themselves in front of their monitors on two equilibrium sensors, square plates about 60 cm in size, with which you could simulate walking, sitting, jumping, turning, running, laying and crouching very well.
The room darkened.
They took two glass spheres about 50 cm in diameter.
They were very light, open at the bottom and had a shoulder pad.
They put them on and both balls began to gleam in white light.
