## **2023** Home?

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin sat</span> in a fresh jumpsuit at a table of a windowless meeting room.
Opposite to him sat a man and woman in business attire.
Two soldiers stood behind him in the two corners, another one with his arms crossed in front of the door.

Woman: "Marwin Farras." She nodded to him friendly.

Marwin was speechless.
He had not heard his name for two years.
And now here.
He shook his head.
Shook it again, but then nodded.

Woman: "What now? Are you Marwin Farras?"

Marwin: "Yes, I am."
He was tempted to ask "How do you know my name?" or "Did you finally find my file card after two years?
Earlier that would have been irresistible for him.
Now it didn't fit him anymore.
He seemed to have lost the taste for such humour.
He looked at both of them and tried as hard as he could to understand why they had come here and wanted to ask him questions.
They both seemed to really want something.
That was new.
Much was new today.

Woman: "How are you?"

Marwin turned his head and pointed to the spot with the blood crust.
Then he pulled his lower lip down and showed a gap with three missing teeth.

Marwin: "Knocked out." He looked at her somewhat absently.

The woman moaned quietly: "Can you walk?"

Marwin: "Run, sit, pee, jump, stand on one leg.
I haven't tried dancing for a long time.
Scream!
May I?
Why am I being held here?
What do you want from me?"

Man: "We want to determine your state of health in order to prepare for a possible release."

Marwin turned to him and looked at him in astonishment.
That's the last thing that would make sense to him.
Release him?
With all that he had experienced here?
With all the contacts he had in the past, who still trusted him, and to whom he could tell quite new things about the reality of hacker persecution in the 21st century.
Including torture.
No!
That was the last thing they could want.
A trick?
Maybe.
No, probably.
He decided not to say anything.

Man: "Do you want to get out of here?
Do you want to go home?"

Marwin looked at the man absent and remained silent.
"Home ... to the remaining friends ... to his parents ... to Berlin", he thought.
A tear came out from inside and began to fill the right eyelid.
"Marlene.
She wasn't anymore.
They had killed her.
Died in a raid in northern Italy.
People like these had ordered it."
He folded his hands in front of him on the table and closed his eyes.

Woman: "We know you've experienced bad things.
But it can be over now.
I read your file.
I know what you've been through.
Light deprivation, sleep deprivation, unprovoked beating, standing naked in the cold in the mud.
You had pneumonia."
Marwin opened his eyes and looked at her.
She continued: "Wrong news: Arrest and death of your sister ..."

Marwin was startled.
"Marli," came out of his mouth.
He looked the woman in the eye.
Then he looked again.
"Oh God," he thought.
"That can't be.
Another stupid trick ...
Or maybe the message that Marlene died was a trick?"
He looked at the woman questioningly.
"The message ..."
A shiver ran down his spine.
"The message was not real!
Why ... why he had trusted it."
He looked at the woman again.
"It was a lie.
Yes, it was a bare lie, the photos, forgeries, the short, unclear video sequence, staged or manipulated," he thought.
Tears shot into his eyes.
"Shit, I didn't think this could all be wrong."
He looked around wildly.

"Marlene isn't dead," he asked quietly towards the woman.
She shook her head.
He felt a sting in his heart.
"How could he have believed that?
Why on earth had he believed those assholes?
Why?
He could hardly breathe.
Then he jumped up, tore at the handcuffs, which clashed like in a medieval dungeon.
He screamed as loudly as he could: "Assholes! You assholes!"
The two men behind him grabbed him and pressed him onto the table.
One of them pulled out a black tape and tore a piece of it off.
Meanwhile, the other pressed Marvin's head head down.

Woman: "Stop! Stop! No tape.
Nobody dies when he screams.
Go back to your corners!"

Marwin layed crying on the table.
He whimpered: "Assholes, assholes, assholes."

The man and woman looked for a while at Marwin lying on the table with his hands above his head, and then looked at each other.
The man shrugged his shoulders, reached for his folder on the table and wanted to get up.
The woman held him by the arm.

Woman: "Wait a minute."

He sat down again.

After a while Marwin looked up and wiped the tears from his eyes.
The woman pushed a pack of paper tissues towards him.
He ignored them.

Marwin looked at her: "Where is Marlene now?"

The woman looked down briefly: "I know this is infinitely difficult to bear.
But we have to go through it now.
Mistakes have happened.
Bad mistakes.
There will be an investigation ..."

Marwin interrupted: "Where one never learns what came out of it, who did what, why, and why he or she should no longer do that."

Woman: "There will be an investigation.
I know the United States law enforcement system is far from perfect.
But it's the best we have.
And we have already corrected many mistakes.
Today we may be able to correct another one."

In Marwin, rage rose again, endless rage.
But this time he could hold it.
It didn't overpower him.
Marlene was alive.
That gave him new strength.
After asking where Marlene was, he had seen in the woman's eyes that she knew her and perhaps even knew where she was.
"God," a thought ran through him.
His breath stopped.
"They want Marlene.
And they want to use me for that ... No!
No.
No, they will not get that.
I'd rather die.
I will stay here!
If Marli has made it that far, then she went through a lot, then she did a lot, then in some places there is no stone left unturned."
No one can stop her from something she's set her mind to.
No one.
He smiled slightly and thought: "You picked a fight with Marli ... now you have to see alone how you can get out of this again."
