## **2064** Amadeus 

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Lilly stood a little surprised</span> with her glass ball on her head at the console.
She had just walked through a red hyper-door and now the game was suddenly over.

She thought, "I'm stupid.
Clearly the Command Center Taurus is real.
I really have to go with Marlene."

She shook her head.

"Communicator, take me to Command Center Taurus."

She heard a short "blip" and then a voice: "Go to the main exit of this building, across the creek and then right down the main street."

She smiled, that wouldn't have happened this morning.

Marlene was already waiting for the sweeping, wide, red light door of the Commando Center Taurus.
They walked through together, heard a "Zipp" sound and stood in the middle of the large, wide, vaulted reception hall.
In front of them, on the opposite side of the hall, a young woman smiled at them, standing behind a wide, oval reception counter.

They approached the woman and she turned to Lilly, smiled warmly and stretched out her hand towards her.

Woman: "Welcome, Lilly!
Welcome to the KCT!
We are all very excited about you here.
We've heard a lot already."

Marlene made a soothing gesture with her hand.

The woman pushed a badge and a grey T-shirt with a red stripe around her chest towards Lilly.

Lilly took the T-shirt.
Her eyes lit up: "Is that a..."

The woman nodded: "This is a Taurus shirt.
You bulge it during attacks."

A Taurus shirt was a T-shirt made for a specific person with artificial intelligence.
Depending on the situation and the abilities of the wearer, it monitored what was going on on the Internet and reported it in various ways: through heat, pressure, small stitches, pulsation and much more.
It was a complement to the text consoles, which in 2064 were still the fastest and most effective way to interact with the computer.
The computer administrators only put on the shirt when there was a real emergency, because it gave a lot of messages, a lot of different feelings, which you normally didn't need.
Only the Internet guard who had service had to wear it all the time.

Woman: "You must never take the Taurus shirt through the red light door.
Otherwise it will be destroyed."

Lilly: "I know.
I won't do that."

She took the shirt and pressed it to herself.

Marlene: "And don't forget your new communicator.
You need that too.
And you can take it out with you, too."

Lilly nodded and infected him.

Marlene: "Come on, I want you to meet your team."

They turned to the left, where a group of people had gathered spread out in the room.
They looked at Lilly and raised their arms.
Then they shook their hands and on a sign everyone sang a different tone and held it for about 10 seconds.

Lilly looked around in amazement.
The beautiful harmony made a shiver run down her back.

Marlene: "This is a welcome greeting for you.
Now go, now you have to hug everyone."

Lilly hesitates.

Marlene looked at her warmly: "You can..."

The group had meanwhile come to Lilly and Lilly went up to the first one and hugged him.

Then she walked a little dazed next to Marlene through a wide corridor, where to the left and right were large rooms with large floating screens, 3D holograms and many standing desks with keyboards and smaller screens.
You could see everything because the walls were completely transparent.

Marlene: "Well, have you arrived yet, here at KCT?"

Lilly: "I didn't expect that just now."

Marlene: "That's unusual, hmm, that you don't expect something?"

Lilly nodded: "Mh mh."

Marlene: "It's not so easy to keep out being against each other.
We get very aggressive attacks here.
And sometimes people make mistakes and others have to correct that.
And when something really happens, the Taurus shirt can get pretty unpleasant.
That's real pain, then."

Lilly looked surprised: "Real pain, from a Taurus shirt?"

Marlene nodded: "Oh, yes.
It shows you the situation on the Internet.
And when someone penetrates here, into our inner net, or into the Cypherpunk Academy, it goes crazy."

Lilly: "I read that some of the shirts have real migraines.
Is that true?"

Marlene: "The shirt does the migraine if you have a thinking error in your firewall settings, or something else is wrong."

Lilly: "Wow.
Then it's not a side effect at all."

Marlene: "No, that's a direct effect.
That's what's wanted.
The migraine is no less bad than a normal migraine.
And if you get it because someone else makes a mistake, then the opposition is there quickly.
And we can't have that here.
Then we can't work the way we work."

Lilly nodded.

Marlene: "Here is your space.
Are you ready?"

Lilly looked at her.
The room was a little bigger than the others.
He had the same high arched ceiling and screens, 3D holograms and lecterns as the others.
Only at the back left was a rectangular area with bright blue walls.
That was apparently the only rectangular thing at all in the room.
The other rooms did not have such an area.

Marlene pointed to it: "And?
What is that? 

Lilly: "...a holodeck?"

Marlene shook her head: "You really know everything, huh?"

Lilly: "I didn't know.
That was a guess."

She smiled.

Marlene: "Come!"

With a short "Zipp" sound they went through the blue light door and stood in the room.
No one in the room seemed to notice them.

Lilly counted: "Five."

Marlene: "Yes, five computer administrators.
Let's say here that there are also two men, but they've gotten used to it.
With you there are now six.
But you really are the chick.
They are experienced people.
Greeting is afterwards in the Standup.
There you will also find out what everyone is working on.

Lilly: "Sure.
They all wear their Taurus shirts."

Marlene: "Yes.
They're in action."

Lilly went down a few steps and stood behind a man with headphones, standing in front of a pedestal with three floating screens and occasionally typing on a keyboard.
The screens were filled with running logs, overviews with green, yellow and red labeled bars, much flashing.
The man seemed to be constantly switching between three different terminal windows.

"That's Morpheus," Marlene whispered in Lilly's ear.
She had followed her.
"He seems to be chasing an intruder who is hiding well.
If I see it right."

Lilly: "A Matrix fan, huh?"

Marlene: "If I understood him right, he thinks that's really the right name for him.
He said to me that Morpheus is fiction, but if he was real, he would do what he does."

Lilly smiled at Marlene.
I read: "You shouldn't put your light under the bushel, but hang it up in the middle of the room so everyone can see it."

Marlene: "So that he can then also see what is still missing ...
Which he wouldn't know if he was modest and called himself Karl or Alfred."

Lilly: "For example, he would then learn that he can't see that someone is tampering with the firewall to become a user server."

Marlene is surprised: "What do you mean?

Lilly: "An admin name has just changed from "admin_ci" to "admin-ci".
That's pretty critical."

Marlene: "You can't do that without the user administration program sounding the alarm.
An admin name can't change without everyone in this room knowing."

Lilly: "But it did.
Maybe he modified the user management program."

Marlene: "Shit!"

She tapped Morpheus on the shoulder.
He turned around and took off his headphones.

Morpheus: "Marlene, sorry, that's a bad time.
My Taurus shirt is going crazy.
I get heart palpitations and light migraines.
Someone is making out in our system right now."

Marlene: "Exactly. Lilly?"

Lilly ran to the left side and pointed with her finger to the spot where the name had just changed.

Morpheus froze: "That must mean "admin_ci".
What the fuck!!!"
He changed the terminal window and started typing wildly.

Morpheus: "Shit!
Shit!
He took over the user administration in the CI area."
He pressed a red button.
All large screens in the room switched to his.
The other computer administrators turned to them and looked.

Morpheus: "Where the hell is he coming from?"
He kept typing.

Lilly: "Can I have a keyboard?"

Morpheus: "You have to put on the Taurus shirt, otherwise it's too dangerous."

Lilly: "I have an idea.
But it has to go fast."

She put on the Taurus shirt.

Morpheus pulled out a keyboard and gave it to her.
Her Taurus shirt lit up briefly.
She got heart palpitations and her head started pounding a little.
She placed the keyboard next to Morpheus on the table and started typing wildly.

Lilly: "He must have reactivated an old account.
I did that once in TRON.
That worked surprisingly back then.
I need access to the user management."

Morpheus typed three, four keys on his keyboard.

Lilly looked at the screen in front of her: "Where's the guy?"

She typed at breathtaking speed.
Morpheus looked astonished at her fingers.

Lilly: "There he is!
He got admin rights in an old account and then created a new user with it.
And great the tracks disappears.
Wait, he created <em>four</em> accounts.
Well, I'll delete them all at once."

Morpheus: "Stop!
Do not delete!
Just deactivate it."

Lilly: "Ok.
Why?
Don't you have a deletion log that contains all the information about the deleted files?"

Morpheus: "This is live here.
We are not allowed to have deletion logs.
What's deleted really has to be gone.
The main memory will also be deleted, everything that somehow points to the deleted data."

Lilly started off in red: "Fuck, sure.
I should have known that.
I've never been on a real computer battlefield before.
Sorry.
They're all disabled."

Morpheus breathed heavily: "No, not sorry.
Thank you!
That was fantastic!
What could he have done with the four accounts?
But now we have to get to work.
How did he get in?
What else did he do?"

Lilly: "Yes, how could he hide it so well from the guards' programs?

Morpheus nodded: "Will you just stick with it when we clean this up?"

Lilly laughed: "Yes!
Gladly.

Marlene stood behind both and shook her head: "Well, then, I'll leave you to it.
See you later at the Standup."

She went up the stairs and looked briefly back at the standing desk, where Morpheus just handed Lilly headphones and explained something to her.
She thought: "Mozart composed his first opera at the age of 11.
Lilly is in her first KCT team at the age of 12.
Yes!
Then she left the room.

