
## **2023**** Linda

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin sat alone</span> with a dark face in the conference room.
All the paper ships and planes lay crumpled together on a pile in front of him.
The door opened.
The woman who had been in the room before came in and sat down where Night-Owl had been before.
Marwin ignored her as best he could.
She was silent and looked at him.

After a while, Marwin asked, "Have you Night-Owl now also a leg sawed off?"

The woman breathed deeply.

"Linda," she said, "I'm Linda."
She reached out her hand to him.

He looked at her hand in disbelief, then at her.

Marwin: "You know, this is already a strange gesture here.
And I'm not being sarcastic.
Since when do you treat someone like me as a human being?"

She withdrew her hand because Marwin made no sign of taking it.

Linda: "I always treat humans as humans.
For me, all people are on the same level."

Marwin swallowed.

Linda: "That's what the American Constitution says.
And that means a lot to me.
That's why I'm doing my job here.
I grew up with the Constitution.
My father is a senator."

Marwin: "When the American Constitution was written, it applied to all people - except slaves, indigenous people and ... Women.
Women were not meant by the constitution at all.
It's written for white men.
So maybe for me, but not for you.
Women were not even allowed to vote then, let alone study or decide where they wanted to live."

Linda: "Things develop further, also in society.
And without the Constitution, our society wouldn't have developed this way.
It was a good foundation.
We humans make mistakes and learn from them.
And who knows, it was a different time.
Maybe I would have been very happy as a housewife at that time, even without being able to vote.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
With children around me, and without this daily fight in the office, without competition, without constant pressure.
And without having to argue with narrow-minded officers..."

Marwin: "They fought with the colonel.
Isn't it?"

Linda: "Yes.
I did.
We don't always agree.
Rare even."

Marwin: "You in the administration have disputes everywhere, you usually disagree, you spy on each other, suspect each other, fight for posts, make others bad, intrigue ...".

Linda: "Not everyone does that.
But there are such people.
So are big administrations and also big companies even.
I've also seen some companies from the inside.
Somehow it's the same everywhere.
The bad news is, we only have one world and it's not perfect.
We can take the world as it is, try our best, or we can dream of a better world and rebel against the only one we really have, despise and destroy it."

Marwin: "Or we can take the world as it is, not despise it, not want to destroy it and at the same time dream of a better one.
We can all change the things we can change and all the rest dream as much as we can.
With all our might.
Until these things finally change.
Or we can give up and bow to the current world order because there is nothing we can do about it anyway.
Fall to your knees, bow down, do everything that she wants us to do, say everything that she wants us to say and explain to ourselves that we only have one world."

Linda: "Marwin, you said earlier that we don't know anything about your world, that we don't know what it means to live according to your own ideas.
What did you mean by that?
What's your world?
What do you mean by that?"

Marwin, played amazed: "Ohh!
You listened to us?"

Linda's face turned a little red.

Linda: "This is an interrogation room. Didn't you realize that?"

Marwin moaned, "It's not about whether I know it or not.
Of course I knew that.
It's a good way for people to interact if you don't listen when others are having a private conversation.
That's normal for you at your house.
You see your daughter when you have one, you talk to a friend on the sofa, both are concentrated, it's obviously something important, then you don't go and sit next to it or put a microphone on and listen.
You don't do that."

Linda: "We're in a prison here."

Marwin: "I don't care!
I'm still human.
I don't care if we're in a prison or a sauna or a hacker's room at 3:00 in the morning.
When someone eavesdrops on someone else, when they talk to someone personally, they do not treat them as human beings, they violate their privacy.
And that's a fundamental right, a human right.
Then he also shits on his own constitution."

Linda: "There are rules that we have given ourselves as society.
And which allow fundamental rights to be restricted in certain situations.
Someone's got to do the job of making people play by the rules.
It's a fact that there are people who don't stick to it.
And I'm doing my job here.
I didn't choose the rules.
You can't come into a community and disobey all the rules.
Soon there will be no community.
I can try to influence the rules, make them more human.
But as long as they're in force, I'll stick to them."

Marwin: "You must not abide by them if they violate the constitution.
That's what the Constitution says."

Linda: "What's wrong with the Constitution?"

Marwin: "Listening.
That's against freedom of speech.
If anyone listens, it's restricting the freedom of speech.
People speak differently when they know someone is listening.
A violation of the first appendix to your constitution."

Linda: "Not in a prison.
And besides, you're not American.
The situation's different again.
The Constitution applies to American citizens."

Marwin was silent.
Linda looked at him and looked at him.

Linda: "You can't expect in all seriousness that in a prison..."

Marwin interrupted them: "You said earlier that you always treat all people as human beings."

Linda: "Hey.
You mean I don't treat you as a human being when I talk to you like that and then mention something I heard earlier?"

Marwin: "Exactly."

Linda: "Fuck!"

Marwin: "You don't treat me as a human being if you make a difference between Americans and non-Americans in terms of their human rights.
Whether in former times the slaves, natives and women were not meant in the constitution, or whether today all non-Americans are not meant, is exactly the same.
You can't treat me as a foreigner and a human being at the same time.
You can't do that.
It's racist or nationalist, it's not human, I'm not treated as human."

Linda: "The way I'm talking to you now, the way I'm open, the way I'm free, nobody's ever spoken to you here before, right?
Not all those two years.
Can't you see the difference?
I'm open with you.
I really want to know something from you.
They out there think you're stupid or crazy or something.
I know you're not.
Don't you think you could appreciate that?
I mean, I'm making an effort here..."

Marwin: "We are not on the same plane.
You have the right to walk out of here at any time.
Not me."

He stood up and walked with normal steps towards the door.
The soldier at the door met him and stood in his way.
Marwin tried to slip past him, but he grabbed him and looked at him threateningly.
Marwin strolled back to his seat.

Marwin: "And now you.
See if he makes a difference with you."

Linda had a red streak on her face.

Marwin: "And remember, you think I'm innocent.
You mean I didn't do anything to be here.
Well, I'm innocent and I'm being treated differently from you.
And you don't do anything about it, you think it's normal.
That's the rules you follow."

Linda louder: "I have come here so that we can find a way how you can get out of here.
You know what I mean?
I want to change the rules.
But you obviously don't want to get out.
And I finally want to understand why not.
And I want to understand what you meant by your world earlier."

Marwin: "You want to find a way?
I know the way out." He got up again and walked towards the door.
Linda grabbed him by the arm and pointed him back to his seat.

Linda: "There are rules and if we don't look at them, you'll never get out of here."

Marwin: "Can you turn off the microphone?
Or is that one of those rules you can't break?"

Linda thought for a moment, got up, left the room and came back a minute later.

Linda: "It's over."

Marwin breathed deeply.
"That feels good.
And these three still here?" He showed around the room.

Linda: "Okay!" She told the soldiers to leave the room.

Linda: "Okay.
They're outside.
We're alone.
Now tell me, why don't you want to get out of here?"

Marwin: "I don't want to get out of here because you want to find Marlene through me.
I don't want to get out of here because I want nothing better than to see her again, hug her, then pat her on the back that she managed to survive.
Escape the fucking NSA and the CIA, and they're asking what she's put together in the meantime to fuck her.
And then I would listen to all the stories and be happy about it like a snow king.
Then we would sit together on some Berlin roof, drink a mate and watch the sunset.
Oh, shit.
But I can't go to her because then you follow me and I put her in danger.
And I can't stand walking out and not seeing Marlene.
That's why I don't want to go.
Otherwise, I'd love to go wherever I want, meet people, do exciting things with them that just come to mind, maybe cook together, program a game again or hack something else".

Linda: "We don't want to find Marlene through you.
I can guarantee you that.
We want..." She stopped.
"Marlene, she's... we want..." Linda stopped again, packed up her papers and left the room.

Marwin looked after her with his mouth open.

