
## **2022** And go ...

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Three weeks later.</span>

Marlene: "It feels good, the new gate.
Also Cubes OS.
So free.
And Tails.
Much less vermin... madness of what's happened in the last three weeks."

Fred: "You feel that?"

Marlene: "I think so.
Maybe it's imagination, but somehow when I put my fingers over the keyboard - it's different.
It feels fresh.
Yes, definitely, it feels more open."
She giggled.

Fred: "Marlene!" He looked at her with a serious expression.
"Marlene!"

Marlene looked back seriously, "Yes."

Fred: "I think it's time."

Marlene: "Yeah, I think so, too."

Fred: "And you're sure this is how you do it?
I mean, really consistent."

Marlene: "There's no other way.
The coarsest holes in the free programs are stuffed.
The Linuxe and the BSDs run reasonably stable.
All important applications too.
Not perfect, it'll take them months to do a lot of the little things, but it's okay."

Fred: "That's not even five percent of all computers in the world."

Marlene took a breath.

Fred: "Microsoft, Apple and Google didn't answer your questions?"

Marlene: "No, nothing."

Fred: "But they suspect something?"

Marlene: "Sure.
You can see what's going on in the Linux area right now.
They are also involved in the development of free software everywhere.
You finance complete projects.
So they got the vulnerability database documents for it, too.
Except not for their own systems.
And these are huge gaps that are suddenly found everywhere.
Weak points, some of which had been inside for twenty years and were exploited by all sorts of people.
Now they're gone.
And on top of that, they got our offer to give them their weaknesses if they join in.
They don't want to join, they don't want to join, but they've probably already put together emergency teams."

Fred: "Yes, that was probably too much for them: to announce all the back doors that they had built into their programs on their behalf or on their own initiative.
And to publish and publicly update the entire source code of their programs so that everyone can finally see what they are doing.
I guess that was too much.
"I'm sure you've signed that you can't say anything about the back doors."

Marlene: "They definitely signed this.
But what's the point?
It was just as illegal to install them."

Fred: "Fuck."

Marlene: "Well, let's get it.
How many websites now have the whole terabyte encrypted ready for download?"

Fred: "253."

Marlene: "That's enough.
We also have it on the WikiLeaks website.
Okay, let's release the key now.
About Twitter: The Intercept, Chaos Computer Club, netzpolitik.org, Ed Snowden.
WikiLeaks will retweet it anyway.
And all our channels, too.
"Tell everyone to pass the key on, download files, decrypt."

Fred looked over his shoulder: "In any good thriller, now would be the moment when the door is kicked in and a Swat team comes in screaming."
He grinned and listened.
Everything was quiet.
Marlene stood up and closed the window.

Marlene: "There are others who would have the key to such cases."

Fred: "I know it's supposed to be a joke."

Marlene: "Well, I'm pressing ... now! ...gone!!"

Fred: "Away!"

Marlene: "Away!"
She exhaled and watched her laptop.
"The Intercept has already retweeted it, netzpolitik.org, WikiLeaks too ... Okay.
Then the world has it. Ed Snowden, too."
She nodded to Fred and they both looked each other in the eye for a long time.

After a while, Fred winked at her, "And now the letter."

Marlene: "Oh yes, of course, the letter.
Okay. (laughs)
"To the Guardian, New York Times, Der Spiegel, Washington Post, etc."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
CALL TO THE INTERNET WORLD

Today marks the beginning of a new period in the history of the
History of the Internet. The past was marked by
a growing number of vulnerabilities, and
exploits, which everyone who knows them can find out about and
possesses the necessary technical knowledge, unauthorized access
on other people's computers and smartphones. And that
many people around the world can now. Not only people
intelligence agencies, governments and corporations, but also
in criminal organizations as well as criminal individuals.

We view any unauthorized access to personal information as
I'm wrong. The only exception to this is when a
there is an imminent threat to human freedom,
which may be averted by unauthorized access
can become. In such cases, a short time later, everyone must
individual access completely and completely published
will be. Otherwise, in our opinion, the most important aspect is the
Secrecy of vulnerabilities an injustice. Everyone has
a basic right to know what vulnerabilities the devices have
that he uses.

Today, we have the most extensive database of classified
vulnerabilities that have ever been published, and which
was. Possibly the biggest one there is: the vulnerabilities-
Database of the TAO, a division of the NSA. This will be the first
Let's make transparent how much all computers and smartphones,
Tablets and other devices interspersed with such vulnerabilities
are. The database does not contain vulnerabilities in
the computer systems of planes, satellites, power plants,
and hospitals, airports and industrial facilities.
gen. There's another database for them that we don't hack.
could.

As long as the weaknesses that have now become known
programmers are not fixed, it is very easy, in almost
to infiltrate all computers and smartphones and approach everything.
what's stored there. If your computers and smartphones
on which the operating systems Windows, MacOS, Android, iOS, etc. are installed.
or others that are not free software, then recommend
we do not use these devices for a few weeks. only one
The exception for Android is if you have the Android source code and the
of all the apps you use, and you can download them yourself.
compiled. Otherwise, remove the battery or place it in the
the smartphone into a metal box.

All people, systems, application programs and other software
which are based on Linux, BSD or other free software.
we've been making a list of the weak-
and they have since worked to fill in the gaps
to close. We recommend switching to one of these systems.

In our opinion, software must not be kept secret.
that one. Everyone has a right to know what the computer is about
or the smartphone he's using is actually doing.

@Anonymous
</div>
Marlene looked at Fred with a dramatic look: "Well?
Should I send this now?"

"No!" Fred shouted with an act of panic.
"BLOSS NOT ... It's confusing the powerful of the world!"
He opened his eyes and looked at her.

"Too late" Marlene grinned back.

Hans shouted from below: "Hey! Marlene! If you want to get to the ship in time, we have to go now."

Fred and Marlene closed their laptops, put them in their packed suitcases and left the room.
An hour later they were sitting on a small freighter heading for the mainland.

