
## **2023** Answer

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Kevin looked up</span> the clock.
Half an hour had passed since they had sent the message to WikiLeaks.
Still no tweet, no answer, no reaction at all.

Lukas: "They will answer, Kevin.
Don't worry.
Otherwise, we'll find another way."

Kevin was a little unsure: "Show me the letter again."

Lukas shoved Sophie's laptop over his shoulder.
There was a knock on the door.
Anni got up and opened the door.
"No teacher would knock," she thought and smiled.

Outside stood a man about 25 years old.

Man: "May I come in?"

Anni: "Yes, please."

Luke looked at the door and shouted: "Oskar!
What are you doing here?"

Oskar laughed: "Luke, are you here?
In _the_ class.
I didn't know that. I didn't know that.
That's good!"

He walked up to him, and they hugged each other.

Lukas: "Hej, it's not a coincidence that you're here, is it?"

Oskar shook his head: "No.
I come from WikiLeaks.
I was just closest to you, so they asked me if I wanted to stop by.
They need information."

Lukas: "WikiLeaks!"

He turned around and shouted to the class: "Hej, Oskar here comes from WikiLeaks."

Everybody looked up.
Kevin and Anni turned to Luke.
Others joined them.

Luke: "What kind of information do you need?"

Oskar: "Did you just send this message to WikiLeaks?" He held a sheet of paper against Luke.

Luke took it, looked at it, and nodded, "Yes, we did." He passed the paper on to Kevin.

Oskar clenched a fist: "Geil!
Then this is real!
Great!
Hello, what you're doing is really good!
It's got explosive power, I tell you.
At the moment some people are waiting for confirmation at WikiLeaks, that you can believe.
They're not doing anything else right now.
You're out of your fucking mind.
This is gonna be a big one.

So, if you want a retweet, send the code word: "Marlene for President" to WikiLeaks.
And if you want them not only to retweet but to do what they want with the letter, then send: "Marlene for President!!", with two exclamation marks.
Then they'll really make it known."

The whole class had gathered around the group in the meantime.
Kevin sat down in front of his laptop and started typing. "Marlene for President Exclamation Mark Exclamation Mark," he read out loud.
"Anyone mind?" He looked around.
"No?
- Okay. (laughs)
She's gone!
Yeah!

He jumped up and clapped his hands with Lukas, then with a little hesitation also with Oskar.
Other students did the same, many hugged each other.

Kevin jumped around, "Horny, horny, horny." He jumped at Sophie and hugged her.

Oskar laughed and looked at Kevin, then at the class: "Hey, that's a cool place here.
I think I'll stay here a little.
That feels good.
Maybe I can help you a little, too.
How are things with you and Opsec?"

"Opsec?" Lukas asked.

Oskar: "Operational Security.
How well are you secured against surveillance?
Do you have Linux?
Cubes?
AMT-free computers?
One tin can for all smartphones?
I mean, this is gonna be a Secret Service thing.
They want to be here live, that's for sure.
But we can do that.
We'll let them swear a little."

