
## **2064** Sigur

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Sigur sat in</span> a large, comfortable armchair in the bunker in front of five monitors of different sizes.
On one of them WikiLeaks TV was shown, on the other several news channels, a switched off combat robot control station, many terminal windows.
Tim stood behind him with his arms crossed.

Tim nodded: "Good text!
It'll work.
20 seconds to go.
Does WikiLeaks shoot that right at the screen?
Or do they look at it first?"

Sigur looked back briefly: "I have direct write access.
The umbrella is mine.
I can kind of fade it right in on CNN.
It becomes a running text, nice and slow to read.
A little slower than necessary, so people can twitter on the side.
Ten seconds to go."

Both looked spellbound at the monitors.

Tim: "5"

Sigur pressed the Enter key: "And go!"

BLENDE zur CNN-Redaktion /// On the WikiLeaks and CNN screens, a Guy Fawkes mask appeared above the completely destroyed, smoking NSA main building, and below it began a text that slowly shifted upwards:

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">

YES, WE CAN!


Whoever believed that the hacking power of Anonymous
should look closely today. Today
we have become the center of worldwide surveillance with their
and destroyed them. We want to do this
answer two questions: How did we do it, and why?


Flying combat robots have been used in the last 5 years
murdered at least 78,000 people worldwide. It's the
No.1 oppressant, with which a world-wide, brutal
to establish a rule of fear.


We reject such a course of action.


That's why we've decided to use the guns
of the oppressor. We've got combat robots.
the latest models, experimental combat robots, the
for example destroy F22 fighter planes completely by yourself
can. Battle robots that, as you can see, fly in no-fly zones.
can.


They're special combat robots. You could also talk about Washington
or New York, over London or Paris, over Tokyo,
Canberra or Berlin. And they have a special armament.
with 15 times the explosive power of conventional missiles.


They're not CIA combat robots, they're not CIA combat robots.
American Air Force, they are combat robots of a currently
of an as yet unknown intelligence agency called L B I.


The LBI is everywhere, it operates worldwide. It doesn't have a main--
quarters. Its members all work with second identities:
in governments, in corporations, in armies, in other intelligence agencies,
in dummy corporations.
</div>
First journalist in front of the CNN monitor: "Here come the crude conspiracy theories."

Second journalist: "Shall we turn that off?"

First journalist: "No.
It's on WikiLeaks anyway.
Then it can work for us, too."

<div style="background-color: #222; color: lightgreen; padding: 20px; margin: 20px 0; font-family: 'Courier New'">
Their task is to ensure equilibrium, to ensure that the
Balance of hostile groups: in countries, in companies,
Armies, intelligence. Divide et impera is their main motto. trendy
People from each other, they're enemies of each other, and they're careful,
that there's a constant war between them, a deadly war.
Balance, a rainbow war. How the rainbow seems to be
always stands equal in the sky, although millions of raindrops
people will fall in the countries and the war will be
stays. A balance of death.


Four months ago, 122 people died in Khandahar, including seven
Presidents. It was planned by the LBI as a sham attack by
Russian combat robots, which are then repelled by American
of the famous Five Star. That should make America
Strengthen the protective power in the region. But the five star didn't come. He
was destroyed by combat robots controlled by us. And
so the doom took its course. No one was there to take the
Mossad, the Israeli secret service, controlled combat robots
and they fired their missiles.


WikiLeaks.org while you are reading this, the
of the entire attack log files.


In the course of our battle with the LBI we are also aware of their
Bitcoin treasures arrived: 2.7 million Bitcoins worth 32.4
Billions of dollars.


We distributed ten percent of it to the open source community,
We want to divide the rest equally among the countries,
whose presidents were killed in Khandahar. As amends.
money. The transaction also takes place in these minutes.


Anonymous.
</div>
Sigur jumped up: "Geil. We did it!"
He slapped Tim and shouted into his headset: "Lasse, Lasse!
Are you there?"

Leave with headset before the mountain hut: "Yes!"

Sigur: "Did you hand out the Bitcoins?"

Lasse: "Yes, all gone.
I hope they are now confused for a while so that we can survive for a moment.
Otherwise, congratulations.
It went well.
No deaths have been reported yet and the logfiles and bitcoins should be enough for the world to believe the story.
The LBI in Mossad has been steering missiles at Arab presidents.
It's already a thing.
There's just a lot for some to digest.
I don't want to work at LBI right now."

Sigur: "Especially not when I'm with Mossad at the same time.
I don't know how much they like having a secret service in the Secret Service."

Lasse: "Political entanglements.
The countries of the seven dead presidents will probably meet soon and then there will be the Middle East War.
Shit, too, right?"

Sigur moaned: "Real shit.
They never learn that either.
They're just gonna hit each other like that.
Because there's no other way.
It's just revenge.
Like little kids.
There's nothing you can do.
They're like blind.
And in the end, they detonate the nuke... in self-defense.
They're so stupid.
I could scream."

Lasse: "We're not completely innocent that this is happening now, are we?"

Sigur: "Shit, Lasse!
I'm not the one who's starting the war now.
If it were up to me, you could just shut down the LBI, turn the NSA headquarters into a memorial and turn the CIA into an adventure playground for hackers: a giant hackspace, with the original equipment.
I'm serious about this.
That would be awesome.
Then I'd move to Langley for a few years.
And then you would have to disarm all the nuclear missiles, remove the warhead and then make a giant firework with it, send them to each other in the air.
Or shoot it with patriot missiles.
Clay pigeon shooting for professionals.
But what are they gonna do?
They'll make a big crater out of a whole town.
110 meters deep.
They deliberately detonated the bomb on the ground to get the pictures of the crater.
A few hundred thousand people then circled the earth in a cloud of dust for a few weeks."
He implied vomiting.

Lasse: "I'm on my way with Roger now.
We'll clean up here and then drive to the rendezvous point."

Sigur: "Okay.
See you there.
I might.
Good luck!"

Lasse: "You too!"

