
## **2023**** I got it!

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marlene and Luigi</span> sat on the terrace, both together at the table, in front of each other a laptop.
On the screens black pages of Google and Apple.

Luigi: "This is really good.
Hey, your class is so cool!
Awesome.
I can't read enough of them.
You must be freezing cold when you do something like this in front of the press.
They stand face to face with the largest intelligence service in the world and publish an ultra-secret conversation of its bosses.
And it looks like he won't survive it professionally, at least not as director of NSA.
Hello, I would have liked to go to a class like that.
Why did you leave?
Well, I would have stayed..."

Marlene hit him in the arm.
"Hej!
A few hours after I left, a CIA team kicked in my front door.
And besides, the girls and boys weren't that cool back then.
They were pretty normal.
Kevin was nice and funny, but he was a Facebook junkie.
Full-blown, I don't have anything to hide type.
Encrypt?
What for?"

Luigi: "Kevin?
The Kevin?
No.
I don't think so."

Marlene looked at him seriously and nodded.
"Yes, the Kevin.
Anni always had problems with her long fingernails on her iPhone and Sophie switched on a computer for the first time at the age of 14".

Luigi looked at her from the corner of his eye.
"Hej, come on, you're making this up.
It can't be."

Marlene: "Really!
The class is a classic late bloomer.
They all looked perfectly normal when I left.
That was nice... and boring.
Even Lukas: He could do a bit of technical stuff.
But it's stuck to Windows."

Luigi bent forward and looked at his monitor: "Look at one..."

Marlene: "What?"

Luigi: "The President of the United States wants to talk about Internet topics during her visit to Germany next week."

Marlene: "Mhmh. Do you think she'll apologize?
Apologize?
Or just around it again, past it and under it through talking.
I can't imagine her saying anything that matters.
She's the president.
She can't."

Luigi: "It says here that she wants to talk to government and opposition representatives about the latest events on the Internet and the relationship with secret services.
I'll get to the point.
Hello, there could be an amnesty for you."

Marlene: "Come on!
Nothing's happened so far.
It's all about Wistleblower and journalists.
They get extra protection.
But not a hacker who walked through NSA firewalls."

Luigi: "Wait and see.
Soon most school classes in Germany will go on strike.
Your government can't get past it now.
That's a real problem for her.
And this cannot be solved with money, the classes demand neither more teachers, nor more computers, nor better buildings.
None of this.
And if it's not about money, then they don't know what they can do."

Marlene: "The school class is not interesting for the American president.
Germany is a small country for them."

Luigi: "Look at me! gandering on.
She also comes to an ARD talk show and answers questions from journalists.
Live!
Heikes Talk.
Sweet.
That's good...
Live is always good.
You can always hear something there."

Marlene looked at his monitor and nodded.

Luigi thoughtfully repeated: "The President is coming to Berlin!
That's really good."

Marlene: "No..."

Luigi: "Yes!
That's good."

Marlene: "Neeeee!" She hacked into her keyboard.

Luigi: "Yes!
Look..."

Marlene interrupted him: "Totaot.
Totaot..."

Luigi: "What?
What is it?"

Marlene: "Totaot hacked a list of CIA prisoners.
"Secret CIA prisoners!"

Luigi: "Geil. Sweet.
This is what you were looking for.
That's a horny guy.
He can program at the speed of light, and now he's hacking.
I'll hang a giant portrait of him on my wall later." Marlene gave him a scornful look.
Luigi grinned at her.
"Say, what does it say?"

Marlene: "I don't know." She rubbed her hands on her legs.
"Oh, shit ...
I don't want to open this thing..."

Luigi: "Maybe there's Marwin there." He moved closer and looked at her screen.

Luigi: "Uhhhh.
That's a beautiful rose, with tears.
What's that?"

Marlene: "This is from Totaot's girlfriend.
She always paints stuff like that and Totaot uses it everywhere."

Luigi: "But nice stuff.
Handpainted.
Romantic.
Then I'm sure Marwin's on the list."

Marlene: "Or not right now!" Her hands trembled slightly.
She entered a command to open the file.

Marlene: "A table: Name, date and abbreviation.
What's NYZ, VGT, MYE?" She flipped through hundreds of names.
"A, B, E, I, K.
SHIT!"

Luigi: "What?
Isn't he in there?"

Marlene: "No, Amon.
Amon Koch's here.
Night-Owl.
VGB.
What does VGB mean?"

Luigi shrugged his shoulder.
"Night-Owl?
The Night-Owl from the BND database?"

Marlene: "Yes.
He disappeared two years ago.
At the same time as Marwin.
And now he's in a CIA prison.
Shit! Shit! Shit!
He's not doing very well.
He can't do that.
Marwin could do better."

Luigi: "Is Marwin there too?"

Marlene hesitated and leafed through individual lines further: "Kraft, Kwalis, Lammert, Lamprecht, LASSER!!!" She screamed out loud.

Luigi scared herself terribly, instinctively bent over to her and wanted to keep her mouth shut.
She fought him off, shook her hands out and said relatively quietly: "Farras, Marwin, VGB.
Oh, shit.
Oh, shit.
He's here!
He's here!
He's here!
What is VGB?
He's in the same prison as Amon.
Yeah, right!
Of course I do.
What is VGB?"

Luigi: "We'll find out soon enough.
I'll put it in the anonymous Twitter account.
We'll have the answer in twenty seconds."

Marlene: "NEE!
No way. No way.
Not in public!
Not now!"

Luigi: "Then it will take hours until we have this."

Marlene: "Okay!
Twitter."

Luigi hacked something on his laptop.
Both looked spellbound at his screen.

Luigi: "Well ... well ... There!
Virginia Blacksaw.
CIA prison near Harrisonburg."

Marlene grabbed her chest and breathed deeply out and in.
"This is it.
That's what it is.
That must be it." She jumped up and gave Luigi a kiss on the mouth.
She walked up and down the terrace, clapping her hands silently, rubbing her face, running over her hair.
"What now?
Now what?"

Luigi shouted out, "I got it!"

Marlene instinctively jumped up to him and kept her mouth shut: "Calm!
Easy!
We can't make any mistakes now." She took her hand away again.
"What do you got?"

Luigi: "I have the idea!
And only you can do that..."

Marlene: "What?
What can I do?"

Luigi: "Come here!" He waved her over with his finger, she came and he whispered in her ear.
Marlene's eyes lit up, more and more as Luigi spoke.
Now and then she nodded slightly.
At the end she jumped up, tore her arms up in the air and said in a low voice: "That's what we do!
That's what we do!
That's awesome.
I can do that."

