
## **2023**** Goodbye

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">Marwin was still sitting </span> alone in the meeting room. He formed his fingers again in the most absurd way and moved them over the full-written sheet: "Abrakadubrabra," he said loudly, "fly to Marlene, fly to Oskar, fly to ...".

The door opened, and Linda was standing in the room.
Behind her Robert with a stack of fresh everyday clothes.
Marwin put his hands a little shamefaced on his legs and looked at them.

Linda: "Marwin ..."

Marwin: "Yes?"

Linda: "Marlene's waiting for you outside."

Marwin looked at her with big eyes.

Linda: "We have some clothes here that you can put on."

Marwin still looked at Linda and didn't move.

Linda: "It's real!
You can believe it.
She's waiting outside.
There are no more games.
That's why we talked so much today."

Marwin touched herself and looked at her skeptically: "Marlene was there all the time?
Since noon today?"

Linda: "No, she just got here."

Marwin looked at Linda.
He wiped his mouth with his hand and looked at the table.
Then back to Linda: "And _why_ did she come so much later than you?
Why didn't she come with you? You don't work here in prison."

Linda: "I had to prepare this.
It was all very, very short notice, surprising.
I'm not used to all the people I had to talk to.
She couldn't be there."

Marwin looked at Linda with concentration, closed his eyes a little: "And why did you have to prepare it so quickly?
Why didn't you know about this before?"

Linda: "It all happened very quickly.
Yesterday evening there was a talk show on German television, and Marlene appeared there, spoke of you, and we decided to get you out of here.
They didn't know about it this morning."

Marwin trimmed.
He felt no lie in her answers.
He breathed in and thought, "Go on! I've got to catch her somewhere."

He said, "And why couldn't you wait another day or a week?"

Linda stroked her nose with her finger, took a little break, and then said: "We needed the surprise effect here.
Otherwise, it wouldn't have worked."

Marwin had a shiver running down his spine.
His heart started pounding noticeably.
"It's true..." he thought.
"...it's true!
Marlene.
Marlene's here!"

He looked at Linda, Robert, the pile of clothes, the guards.
Then he grabbed the booklet, jumped up and walked around the table towards Linda, who was still standing at the entrance.
He looked deep into her eyes.
He asked excitedly, "Where's Marlene now?"

Linda: "Left, down the hall and then right to the main gate.
Don't you want those clothes, first?"

Marwin walked past her, pushed Robert aside, and was stopped at the door by a soldier.

Marwin grumbled at him: "Let me through!"

Linda: "Let him through!"

Marwin grinned and hit the soldier's chest twice with his flat hand: "Let me through." His heart pounded stronger and stronger.

The soldier took a step aside.
Marwin jumped out of the door, then to the left and ran down the passage, faster and faster, then to the right another passage.
"The gate, the gate," he thought.
"That must be it!" Two soldiers stood in front of it.
They went into position.
He stopped.
He heard voices outside.
Many voices.
The soldiers looked at him.
One of them grabbed his gun.
Linda came from behind and shouted, "Let him out!"

The soldier put his gun back and opened the gate.
Marwin saw light, much light, and heard a loud babble of voices.
He walked carefully past the soldiers through the gate.

Bright light dazzled him.
A flurry of flashes.
So many people.
It was loud.
Infinitely loud.
He looked down, and suddenly, she was standing in front of him: Marlene.

She opened her arms: "Hi, brother!
Good to see you."

He looked at her in disbelief, it was so unreal.
She had grown older.
Adult.
But it was Marlene.
Marlene!
They fell into each other's arms.
He burst into tears.
They stood there, hugged each other, one minute, two minutes.
He felt her breath, her warmth, her heart beating clearly perceptible.
"How ... crazy ..." he thought and said quietly, "That's quite something" Then he started looking around the room.
"Wow!
Wow.
Shit.
Uhh.
Who is that?" he asked, frightened, while they were still hugging each other.

Marlene: "This, this is the President of the United States."

Marwin: "Shiiiit!
I'm going crazy." Then he pressed her harder and said, "My sister! My sister." He breathed two, three times strong and then whispered, "These are not our friends.
We don't have much time, do we?"

Marlene: "No, we don't have much time."

Then he wiped off his tears, and they turned to the cameras, smiled and waved into the flurry of flashes.
The president welcomed Marwin. Some people next to her, too. He looked Linda in the eye, shook his head.

Marwin: "Fuck it, you..." He smiled.

She smiled back with a wink.
Then he turned back to Marlene and said, "Hey, you! I almost forgot.
I brought you something, of course, to this great event." He put the booklet in her hand.

Marlene looked at it, surprised: "What is it?"

Marwin: "A gift.
I thought if you were going all the way, I'd have a present for you, too." He grinned at her.
She looked back in amazement.

Marwin: "You'll love it."

Linda came up to them and pointed to the door: "Come on, we have to go on.
The plane to Berlin is waiting."

Marwin took Marlene's hand, and they went out together.

The president into the microphone of a reporter: "These are precisely the cases we meant.
Some at the CIA thought they were above the law.
They could simply detain citizens of friendly states for years without charge in a prison like this one.
That goes against our moral understanding as Americans.
And I'm telling you: This will have personal consequences.
Also here in this prison."

A reporter attacked the colonel with a microphone: "You are the commander of this prison.
How can something like this happen?
What do you say to this incident?"

The colonel looked at her grimly, pointed to his shoulder badge, and said, "I don't give interviews." He looked deep into her eyes.

