
## **2064** Dmitri

<span style="font-variant:small-caps;">The mountains were</span> behind them.
The motorcycle shot down a pedestrian path.
They left the forest.
In the sky four Apache helicopters were to be seen in the meantime.
In front of them in the valley the runway of a small airport appeared.

Tim: "Just like Lasse said: An abandoned airport.
That's where we'll meet him."

Sigur's pond watch beeped.
He took it out of his pocket and looked at it.
She showed a message from Lasse: "The balloon has flown on.
You have too many followers.
But Mitya will help you.
Just go to the plane."

Sigur shouted, "Go to the plane!"

Tim: "What plane?"

Sigur: "Over there, can't you see?"

Tim: "Yes, yes."

At the other end of the runway there was a twin-jet aircraft.
You could just see that the door was already open.

Tim: "You guys are pretty well organized, I must say.
Where does Lasse get a plane so fast now?"

Sigur: "I don't know."

As they approached, they saw a man waving, "You should go faster.
Tim stepped on the gas again.
The motorcycle jumped back and forth on the small mountain road.
On the left a small stream, on the right a meadow.
At a suitable moment Tim drove into the streambed and the bike jumped out again with a giant set on the other side.
In the air he brought it into position, landed, then jumped over a small hill again.
400 meters to the airport.
Sigur looked back.
There stood two Apache helicopters in the sky and slowly turned to the side.

Sigur screamed, "They're firing.
They've got 30mm guns on board.
Shit."

Tim drove a bit to the left, then again to the right.
A volley struck to their left.
Then twenty meters in front of them.

The man in front of the plane had meanwhile taken a bazooka out of a box in front of him and aimed it between the helicopters.
A rocket went roaring.
The helicopters turned in two different directions.
Tim made an emergency stop just before the plane and shouted: "Jump!" Both let themselves fall to the side, right in front of the man's feet.
The motorcycle rolled a few meters further.
The man shot a second rocket towards the helicopters and then pulled both into the plane, which immediately rolled off.
When they were just in the air, Sigur asked, "Mitya?"

Mitya nodded and said with a strong accent.
"Welcome to Kirrgyzstan."

Tim laughed, "What?"

Sigur: "Where?"

Dmitri: "They are straddling the territory of Kirrrgyzstan.
Dis is a diplomatic plane."

Sigur: "And to what do we owe the honour?"

Dmitri: "We contacted Lasse Brrodowin before ainign Taggen and asked him how we know how to show Bitcoin. And he called us and asked if we had a cheap plane. We're all very hot. And well stashed."

Sigur laughed.
"Yeah, sure.
That's logical.
Kyrgyzstan.
Great.
Do you know where Lasse is?"

Mitya: "Yes, we're flying straight there."

